Ouch.
original
The Guan family is because of this
Only then did he receive the secret support of the humble lord
Soar into the sky
Become a wealthy family that rose rapidly in the imperial capital
I see
What a night breeze
We are playing around in Shangguan's family
I will definitely settle this account for you.
Is that true?
If you don't believe me
You can wait until the return of Qianshangbei Hunting
We Guan Jia will hold a feast for him
You'll know when you come and see for yourself
I said he was a migrant worker
No background, no connections.
How did it suddenly become heavenly?
Hehe, it turned out to be a stand-in?
Hmph Shangguan Linglong, you dead girl
Against us for an outsider
It's just untidy
Hey, this Miss Guan?
About the cancellation of the wedding just now
You can treat this as my wife
I just farted casually.
Who let that stinky boy Ye Feng hit by mistake?
Pull the tiger skin as a flag
Oh, this is our Shangguan family
I am still very optimistic about the official family
In fact, the marriage of our official family can be ended if you want
Destroy it
You wait for me.
Notify
Cut off all commercial cooperation with the Shangguan family
This is the price you pay for humiliating my official family
It's over. It's over.
The channel provider has terminated all contracts with us.
Our Shangguan goods
I'm afraid it's going to be smashed in my hand.
Go on like this
In less than a week
Our Shangguan Group is finished